{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18860\viewh11960\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs72 \cf0 Initial Release:
\fs28 \
\
Thank you for purchasing Zombies!
\b0\fs24 \
\
This package contains tons of zombies, perfect for any mobile zombie game.\
The package will also work great for zombie hordes in any game.\
\
all five models are made with between 1000-1100 triangles.\
\
All zombie models are using normal maps generated from High-poly geometry.
\b\fs28 \

\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 HOW TO USE:\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0\fs24 \cf0 It is up to you how you want to use this package.\
You are free to use the content in this package any way you see fit.\
Maybe you will just use the models and textures. \
Maybe you will utilise the shader and pain-skin system fully.\
\
To get you more familiarised with the pain-skin system here is a short 
\b how-to. 
\b0 \
\
1: Open Demo. You will see five zombie models with a full meat texture. Don\'92t worry about this.\
2: Just press play.\
3: Familiarise yourself with the controls and look at the zombies. Pay attention to what they look like.\
4: Stop game.\
5: Press play again.\
6: Look at the zombies again. Notice the change in textures.\
7: Select a zombie in the Hierarchy view (i.e. EZombieBigFemale).\
8: In the Inspector view try using the top slider on the Zombie Texturer (Script)\
9: Notice the texture changing.\
10: Now stop the game again.\
11: Select the same zombie in the Hierarchy view (i.e. EZombieBigFemale).\
12: In the Inspector view try using the top slider on the Zombie Texturer (Script). (Use any value above -1). Don\'92t forget to Apply changes to prefab.\
13: Press play again.\
\
14: Notice that you have set a specific texture. This means you are now controlling which texture is being used for this prefab. \
(Before everything was randomised, -1 means random).\
\
15: You can go ahead and do this for as many zombies you\'92d like.\
16: The bottom slider called \'91Injuries\'92 is not working while the scene is running. Press stop and change the value on this slider. Don\'92t forget to Apply changes to prefab.\
17: Press play again.\
18: Notice that the prefab you worked with now has Injuries.\
\
That\'92s about it. Try to play around with everything. This system is simple, yet quite powerful. And at times very addictive! 
\b :p
\b0 \
I\'92d love to hear from you; how you decide to use this product!\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 CONTENT:
\b0\fs24 \
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 MODELS:
\b0 \
5 Unique Low-poly Zombie models.\
\

\b ANIMATIONS:
\b0 \
16 Unique animations for each zombie model.\
\
- walk01\
- Walk02\
- Idle 01\
- Idle 02\
- DeathQuick\
- DeathSlow\
- DeathBackwards\
- Hit01\
- Hit02\
- GetUp\
- Crawl\
- SlowWalk\
- QuickWalk\
- Attack01\
- Attack02\
- EatStanding\
\

\b TEXTURES:
\b0 \
16 Unique texture variations for each zombie model. (1 Unique painskin for each zombie model).\
\
- Normal.\
- Specular.\
- Diffuse.\
\

\b SHADER:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 A Unique shader written for revealing the pain-skin.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b \cf0 SCRIPTS:\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b0 \cf0 When you shoot at a zombie (RMB) the painskin will replace the current texture. The vertex count dictates the pain-skin frequency.\
\
You can also randomise  \
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 CONTACT:
\b0\fs24 \
\
For any questions please E-mail: petter@abovee.se\
Please note: that it might take me a while to get back to you, depending on how much E-mails I receive.\
Always state your purchase ID in the E-mails you send me, if you don\'92t I will have no way of knowing if you bought this product or not.\
E-mails send to me without the purchase ID will not be dealt with. \
}